# Question and Answer Community (a template for yppm)

## Todo
For this website, it should be as simple as possible

For example, it should have a home page, the home page is a search list. In home page, it should have a chat button where when user click that button, a chat page will pop up. For the chat page, 80% of the top page is the message list view, the bottom is an input box.

When user do a search, we'll show title list with detail link, and before those links, it should have previous_page, next_page buttons.

This website should also have another page, which is the detail page, where it has title, description, answers, comments.

If a user want to create/edit/check a question/answer/comment, they will do it at detail page.

**I have to make sure there have one public account for everyone to add stuff. So they don't have to register/login to add question and comment**

**In the end, it should look like 知*乎+T*tter(no char limitation)**

> For `robots.txt`, it will use pages generated by "python + pure html + pure css code", which is different than those page I descriped above, for example, in `/pure/*.html`, the `*` is the post id.

> You can even do it in a more extrem way, for example, generate those pages by "python + rendered png image + pure markdown text"(html title is question title, html description is question description, picture is in html base64 format, escaped markdown string is in html comment after json.dumps(*) at the bottom), put those html page in `/extream_pure/*.html`, the `*` is the post id.

> If I have to give a defination for the UI design of this project, that would be "people_as_service".
